imagine this you're at the store and
there it is the biggest TV you've
everever seen you need to have
it
okay that's fine you'd rather go home
and talk to your wife and kids anyway
but then you notice the open box section
Woo is that nearly 100 in of TV goodness
for just 1,500 bucks take my money but
on the way home you start to watch
wonder what sacrifices had to be made to
get a TV this big this cheap I mean
surely it can't be 4K with support for
HDR oh well there's no way it supports
High refresh rate gaming oh okay does
that too I mean but there's no way that
it has a segue
to to our sponsor really OD do their
all-in-one business management Suite
lets you dump your mismatching apps and
unify your processes check the link in
the description for a free 15-day trial
and start running your business the way
it deserves to be run if like us you
find an openbox TCL 98 S550 GH the first
complication is going to be getting it
home this particular open box model
wasn't available for delivery so we had
to pick it up
ourselves and TV's this big they're
heavy but hey we got it here time to
unbox it now Adam and I are are seasoned
pros at unboxing giant TVs now so I'm
sure this is going to go very smoothly
were you really cutting toward my face
oh seasoned Pros we don't have to worry
about safety we're so good at it hey
this one comes with legs he mentions
that because the 150 in one that I
bought
didn't okay we managed to open it
backwards
unfortunately uh okay all right I guess
we're looking at the I/O
first here's something that's a little
confus using to me though what is it
about a 100 in TV that allows it to be
packaged relatively normally but the
115in TV which is know only this much
bigger had to come in a crate I guess
part of it is that the other one was
thick she's a trunky boy yeah this is
like half of the weight I think of your
TV but it looks very similar in terms of
the ID yeah it even has the the square
pattern and then also Ultra base your TV
can also work as a project
mat like are these 1 centimeter by 1
centimeter it kind of looks like it
they're Clos you could cut fabric
patterns I need to know now for the io
we got four HDMI ports the top one is 4K
144 Hertz which is weird cuz didn't the
front of the box say 120 useless useless
the squares are exactly 1 cm by 1 cm but
then the gaps in between just throw the
whole thing out of
whack well I I'm glad you figured out
that mystery uh yeah so we're not really
sure what the deal is with that the
input's 144 Herz but the panel says
native 120 maybe it's overclockable I
guess we'll find out as for the rest of
it it's pretty usual but uh it's weird
to see a composite input on a modern TV
still so that's nice one other unusual
thing that I was about to point out
before I realized that the back of the
TV does this was the Vasa bolt pattern
it's 500 mm x 6 00 mm so it's not square
and because this thing is heavy what I
would strongly recommend doing is
something similar to what you guys saw
me do in the cleanest Living Room
Makeover where I put a big piece of wood
just like a flat piece of plywood screw
that into the studs and screw the mount
for the TV into that since we're not
doing any of that today we need to put
the feet on H H how do we do that they
said refer to the manual smart first get
a table that's bigger than the TV
where the hell am I supposed to get that
soft cushion
surface what is this look at this
hypothetical soft cushioned thing that
exists who has a giant cushioned table
where are we going to put this here's
the thing this video really was inspired
by us just stumbling across this open
box TV at what seemed like an
unbelievable price at the time um so it
doesn't have the little protective soft
covering on the screen we don't really
have a way of laying it down down I have
an idea I have we we put there we go oh
she's heavy yeah damn
boy okay now I've done this trick a lot
of times where the air cushion that
forms between the TV and the ground
keeps it from hitting very hard so we
can just let her fall I'm kidding you
were going to let me do it I wanted to
see what we you were going to let do it
it would have been cool why would you do
that
content h all
right that's not so
bad I'm on oh my
gosh it fits what was the TV back what's
the size of this is that a 65 I think
that's a 65 in behind
it that was a 65 in
TV it's
gone sitting on a pretty normal height
couch this belongs on r/ TV too high do
you think we also maybe we're just like
a little close to it sure
sure still way too high I didn't really
think about it in the theater because it
has Theater seating in it in fact it has
tiered Theater seating so you're really
aiming for an optimal Middle Ground
between the front and the rear row but
if I was putting something like this in
my living room I would only want it like
8 in above the floor like 20 cm above
the floor right out of the gate Google
TV is standard on all all of tcl's TVs
at least here in North America mine
doesn't which will make it really easy
for Adam to turn off the gross motion
smothing yeah it's it's pretty bad right
now you know every once in a while I'll
go yeah maybe it's you know not that bad
when I haven't looked at it in a while
like I I'll say to myself maybe I
wouldn't notice if I went into someone's
house and they had motion smoothing on
and then I get a new TV and I'm like ew
when I first was testing this even the
boot logo had like motion artifacts and
I was like w turn it off immediately it
was so bad whoa is that a display hey
you have a monitor I do several in
fact I love the hoodie you're wearing
today it's so appropriate it's huge it's
not very bright it goes up to a Max of
500 nits we got
498 this ends up looking kind of flat
overall though which I'm surprised by
because in the past the larger the
display the greater the volume light
it's throwing at you even if the peak
brightness isn't as high and it can
really help with immersion I still think
it looks pretty okay for how giant of a
TV this is and it's not OLED how much
this cost you 1,500
bucks comparison is the thief of Joy if
we had another TV right here I'd be like
oh yeah this thing sucks but like as is
just walking into this room that's a big
TV good it's a big TV and it's fun
watching it I mean it sucks the Plex is
loading right now but uh yeah I don't
think it has the fastest Wi-Fi card but
in the time since we bought that open
box the New Gen one has come out so you
can get a brand new one from TCL this
size that's 2 Grand how much better is
the brand new one is it brighter it
seems to be pretty darn close but maybe
better they say surprisingly little
about anything but their Flagship TVs of
course because TCL is not like a big
Flagship brand like Sony is so what are
they going to advertise well there's
nothing wrong with buying TCL they don't
know that I had TCL TV in my home for a
long time they're the TV of the NFL
hey like the colors look okay I don't
tell I don't know if they're correct but
like it's colorful enough they look
pretty okay and I think the measurements
had it at a Delta e of about 4 and a
half what on average yeah just on in the
movie mode uh Vivid mode gets awful and
of course yeah yeah don't turn on Vivid
mode if you care about the artist
intense and everything no matter what
trends a little blue sure sure it's wild
how much like how far that's come in
just the last four years if we were
looking at this TV 5 years ago 3 years
ago oh it would be over
$10,000 and it would be terrible yeah
now how many local dimming zones does it
have did we count them does it have
local dimming cuz this the contrast does
not look great it looks like a boat in
fact I don't know if it has local
dimming zones is this just a VA panel
with pretty okay contrast we counted one
local dimming
Zone the brightness is okay but a part
of why it doesn't pop off the screen is
that to appreciate the Peaks you got to
have the valleys credit to their
anti-glare though this is a very
demanding environment for that with
studio lights all over the place it's
not bad I've got like a pretty good
string of lights in my field division at
least right there but other than that
it's fine and that's a pretty small like
when you consider how big the TV is
that's a pretty small portion of the TV
if one of my friends bought this thing
for5 $100 and I walked into their house
and this is their TV i' be like that's a
sick TV one thing that is
uh kind of disappointing but also
understandable is the black uniformity
yeah like you can see patches of
whiteness brutal there's like a big
triangle here yeah you're only really
going to notice that though in those big
panning shots yeah yeah when we got it
dark enough to test it was very
noticeable oh super noticeable there's a
hot spot like right up the left side
because you don't have local dimming
you're relying on that diffusion layer
to absolutely perfectly spread out the
light from the backlight though two
tcl's credit they didn't go EDG lit
which ratings found recently does not
really have any picture quality
advantages but can lead to premature
death so even though it doesn't have
local dimming zones it is direct back
lit which I would say is a good thing
yeah I've seen that too when one part of
the light fails and then it's just dim
like that one part of the monitor TV so
I found a listing for an open boox S9
95b that's $1,600 that's a great deal so
this is a generation old but QD OLED
panel really nice TV it's too bad it
looks like the child of that one yeah
even with the not amazing ambient light
rejection of QD OLED it's a lot better
dude look look where you can see both of
them I know but remember QD OLED has
that kind of Purple Haze compared to Wed
so this is even as good as this can look
at M dude this Sun the color volume
that's the thing is anything that has to
do with full array local dimming is just
going to it's going to lose the one that
really stands out to me is the richness
yeah of these tones here yeah this has
no saturation this looks like I took
some like cheesecloth and I put it all
over the front of the screen I'm looking
through a veil and all the Shadows have
actual depth to them mhm you don't lose
anything in the image whereas with this
it doesn't even get that dark it's not
it's not it's not crushing blacks or
anything cuz it's not even getting look
at how much more realistic the sky looks
that looks like blue looks real
especially with the like leaves and
stuff yeah but big big TV big TV okay
but let's talk about gaming cuz you've
kind of left me waiting here I got to
say this doesn't feel that bad no it
looks like it's 120 HZ I don't even mean
that I just mean the the latency yeah
how do we set it to 144 though I don't I
don't I don't know actually I'm I'm not
going to lie it's really confusing did
they did they advertise it yeah they
call it they call it game accelerator
240 I'm pretty sure it's just a
backlight strobe oh what what do you
mean 240 no I'm talking about the 144
Herz yeah I don't know how they get that
can you stop messing with
it so what do you think where am I
supposed to go up here what do you
mean wow dude this level's scary scary
you know what though this feels great
try it sorry it's funny that's fine nice
nice nice
nice you got needled did was really nice
up until when it wasn't nice yeah it
feels totally fine feels completely
responsive I could game whatever game
you want to game on this TV and it would
feel okay way better than LCDs that came
out in the early 2000s felt awful I
think overall I think it's totally fine
yeah I I guess I'm like who's it I guess
it's for old people and bars frat house
yeah actually if you walked into the
frat house if they can spring for 1,500
bucks for frat house is still a bit much
you and 15 of your friends pitching a
hundred bucks right you bring this bad
boy in play Smash on it eight player
smash yeah no problem at all I have no
idea what the long-term quality of it is
going to be like obviously this is like
not by any means a bad TV no no and like
I can I would recommend it to somebody
if they were in the market for a really
big TV and had a very low budget um that
was their goal yes yeah big TV cheap
it's mindboggling and we'll link to it
in the description and everything like
that uh as well as some other good TVs
that you can check out if you don't have
the space for 98 in whoa okay I just
found something that's cheaper than this
what and bigger cheaper and bigger
that's right that's right wait we're
going to make a video about that right
oh oh yeah oh my goodness
segue to our sponsor quick how many do
you have on your desktop just to run
your business if the answer was more
than one our sponsor ODU can show you
why sometimes less is more their
all-in-one business management software
comes with a full Suite of integrated
apps baked right in you can manage
clients and schedule calls all in a few
clicks with their CRM app then you can
use their sales app to close deals with
clean and concise quotes and Empower
your leads to help themselves with a
userfriendly customer portal finally you
can leverage the powerful automation
options that they're accounting
invoicing apps have to actually bring in
that Moola and if you need just one of
their many apps to help clean up your
processes guess what you can get access
to it for free so head over to the link
in the description for a free 15-day
trial and see how ODU can help you run
your business more efficiently time is
money after all thanks for watching if
you like this video why not check out
another video on an impressive $1,500
display the reflective LCD display that
the The Sun Shines on it and it is a
beautiful thing it's not very very good
it's cool